Eldritch Cannon - You can take an action to create an Eldritch Cannon. The cannon has an AC of 18 and has HP equal to five times your Artificer level. It is immune to poison and psychic damage. It has a +0 to all saving throws. If you spend one minute repairing it with woodcarver's tools, it regains 2d6 hit points. Upon creation, choose one of the following projectile types. You can use a bonus action to fire the cannon. You use an action to modify the projectile type of the cannon. As a bonus action, you can enlarge or reduce the size of the cannon. You can only have one Eldritch Cannon at a time, and it takes a spell slot to create more than one Eldritch Cannon per long rest.

Cannonball - Ranged spell attack of 120 feet. The target takes 2d8 bludgeoning damage, and must succeed on a Strength Saving Throw against your spell save DC or be knocked Prone.
Buckshot - Each creature in a 15-foot cone must make a Dexterity Saving Throw against your spell save DC. Each target takes 3d6 piercing damage, or half as much on a successful save.
Shrapnel Casing - Ranged spell attack of 60 feet. The target takes 1d8 bludgeoning damage, and each creature in a five foot radius takes 2d6 piercing damage.
Incendiary Shot - Ranged spell attack of 60 feet. The target takes 2d6 bludgeoning damage and must make a Dexterity Saving Throw against your spell save DC. The target takes an additional 2d6 fire damage, or half as much on a successful save. The fire ignites any flammable objects in the area that aren't being worn or carried.
Mortal Shell - Ranged spell attack of 300 feet. The target takes 2d6 bludgeoning damage. Objects and structures take triple damage.
Poison Bomb - Range of 60 feet. Each creature in a ten foot radius takes 1d6 poison damage and must succeed on a Constitution Saving Throw against your spell save DC or be Poisoned until the start of your next turn.
Self-Destructive Round - Each creature and object in a 20 foot radius must make a Dexterity saving throw. Each creature takes 4d6 fire damage on a failed save, or half as much on a successful one.
